How does Oracle Database run our queries?

	- We are using a tool called "Apex" to play around with the Oracle Database.
	- Somewhere in the Oracle server, they have the Oracle Database installed.
	- On this machine, the Oracle software is installed.
	
	When we hit "Run" after writing a query in Apex, the SQL statement is sent
	to the Oracle Database which checks SQL validity. If it's correct, it sends
	us the requested data. But what is happening behind the scenes?
	
		- Say we run SELECT ... FROM emp WHERE sal = 4000;, this statement will
		  be sent to the Oracle Database and the software will first look at the
		  FROM clause. It needs to figure out the source AKA where it can get the
		  data from.
		  
		- Let's say it found the table. The interpreter identifies the table and 
		  then loads the data.
		
		- Then the interpreter examines the WHERE clause and checks the conditions. 
		  Once all conditions have been met, it brings the results to another result
		  set for further filtering.
		  
		- Then interpreter will take the data it has gathered and then examine what 
		  data we want to see by looking at the SELECT clause. Based on the SELECT
		  clause, the results are filtered into a subset of what we want to see.
		  
		  
		To review:
		
			1. Oracle interpreter examines the query and ensures that it is valid 
			   and parsable. If it isn't, it will throw the appropriate error.
			   
			2. If the query is valid, it goes to the FROM clause to see where it
			   can find the data and loads it.
			   
			3. The interpreter then goes to the WHERE clause to see what records
			   need to be filtered and ensures that conditions are met. Then it
			   loads those records.
			   
			4. Then it moves on to the SELECT clause and filters out the columns
			   that the user wishes to see.
			   
NOTE: 

	- Oracle Database does NOT use the familiar "LIMIT" clause. Instead, we can do
	  something like "FETCH FIRST 5 ROWS" which will do as it says. See docs for 
	  more options.
	  
	  EXAMPLES:
	  
	  - FETCH FIRST 5 ROWS ONLY
	  - FETCH FIRST 5% ROWS ONLY
	  - FETCH FIRST 5 ROWS WITH TIES; <-- Get first N rows, if Nth row has ties, get all the tied rows